---
Type: about
title: About Un!dentified
date: 2019-09-08T20:53:56.430Z
description: >-
  Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Reprehenderit
  excepturi quae ducimus cumque, deleniti a est dolorum saepe quas explicabo
  quo, commodi repudiandae laboriosam, inventore soluta corporis odio possimus
  ipsam?
image: /img/img_2069.jpg
---
Since the release of their first single, “Never Been the Same,” in January 2019, Un!dentified has made shockwaves in the Vancouver music scene. Their blend of hard-hitting beats and story-telling lyrics distinguish their unique style and captivates all listeners. Their tenacity and hustle has gained them regional popularity in the short time since the group’s inception; releasing five singles and performing alongside the likes of A Boogie wit da Hoodie, Tyga, Trey Songz, Pnb Rock, Chief Keef, Ybn Nahmir & Rich the Kid, as well as music festivals and clubs across the USA and Canada. 

 

Un!dentified is on a mission to define the sound of Vancouver; a city with a growing underground hip hop scene that has remained untapped by the mainstream market. They are presently unsigned and 100% independent, but continue to expand their team and build momentum towards their goal of mainstream success. Un!dentified is a hit-making powerhouse as they have maintained in-house writing, creative direction, and production for all their releases. This group embodies the definition of the modern-day, independent, self-sufficient musical juggernaut as it’s 3 members are the sole masterminds behind everything they have done! 

 

Un!dentified is what the music industry is lacking today, and they are ready to fill that void while continuing to make emotion evoking music for their fans. Be sure to follow Un!dentified on Spotify (and all social media) to join them on this journey!
